>> Speaker 1: The transform we're
gonna do I think is kind of fun.
So has anybody heard of
youmaynotneedjquery.com?
It's pretty cool.
So when this came out, it's like,
I didn't realize, I only support IE10, and
I didn't realize that some of
these things were just one liners,
it's just exactly the same.
And this is IE8+.
I could just be doing this all the time
instead of the selecting thing.
So what our plugin is going to do is take
a legacy code base that's doing all this
stuff and automatically upgrade it to Not
Use jQuery for simple things like this.
So we've got exercises.
It'll all be the same plug-in, but
we have exercises for hide/show,
add class, and I think that's it.
The last exercise adds a little
bit of complexity because for
most of the exercises,
it's just this pattern.
If it looks like this,
then change it to this.
The last exercise allows you to say var,
what just happened, myEl = $(el).
And then trace where myEl is being
used and update those references.
So if we get to that point,
then that'll be the last one.
But if not it's not a huge deal so.
Okay, cool, do you wanna look at it?
Yes.
[LAUGH] So this, whoa, to go to that or
go to that exercise, it's going to be
npm start exercise.codemod.0.
>> Speaker 1: And
this one is also using snapshots, so
it's pretty much the same thing as what
we had with our other Babel plug-in.
Yeah, really the only difference
between what we're doing here and
what we did with our last
exercises is the use case.
This one is intended to be run once.
Our last one was intended to run every
time you'd compile your program.
>> Speaker 1: Yeah, so
then we go ahead and start.
And we'll get a failure.
Supposed to fix it.
Let me just make sure that there wasn't
anything else I needed to tell you.
Yeah, I need to demo something for you.
So yeah, I'll demo it you instead of
having you doing it the harder way.
That'll be good.
So I've got this right
here I'm gonna copy.
We're gonna go back to Babel v6.
And just going to say const
Hello, end template and
we will do instead of
this will do a variable
declaration, there we go.
Okay, cool.
So why is that not going away?
Okay, so what our transform is doing is
it's taking any variable declaration and
changing it to this.
So not really useful, but
it uses a feature that I think
you should probably know about.
And that is babel.template.
Now I should tell you that I talked with
Logan on the Babel team, and he really
wants to pull template off of Babel Core
and just have it as a separate package.
And I begged him not to because if he
did that we couldn't use it in our
AST explorer.
So we'll see if that ends up happening.
But if you can't get template off
of Babel, that's what happened and
you'll just have to get it
in the separate package.
It is already distributed
as a separate package.
So what this is doing,
though, this template thing,
is sometimes constructing the ast like
we did like t.VariableDeclaration.
Yeah, t.VariableDeclaration takes a kind,
and
then an array of VariableDeclaratives,
and VariableDeclaratives takes
like all this construction is awesome,
but is not super awesome.
So what this does is you
provide a template string,
something that you want your
code to actually look like.
And you pass it to template, and
that's gonna give you back, here,
we'll call this a callExpressionBuilder =,
or, actually, sorry.
This is the callExpressionBuilder.
>> Speaker 1: There we go, just to make it
a little bit more clear what's going on.
So we call the template with
our templateString, and
that gives us a call expression builder,
or it gives us a builder for that .AST.
And then we call that with an object, and
it replaces any matching instance
of our data with a template.
So it's not using double curly braces
like you would see in Mustache or
Angular or something.
It's just straight up replace.
Couple of things to know is you can't
just do straight up strings here.
That's not gonna work.
It needs to be actual nodes that
you're replacing things with.
So we're gonna grant an identifier and
another identifier and
then numeric literals here for
our arguments.
But these could also be any type of node,
so string,
literal, or whatever you want it to be.
So yeah, the templateString stuff, or
the babel.template is pretty cool.
And I use it in my solution for
this exercise,
so it might be something to look at.
If you want to reference this,
that example is in other/schedule.
We're at the bottom, right here.
So I've got my file really
big at the bottom, right,
so other/schedule.md and
it's around line 115.